For the past years, I have suppressed my feelings because of my pride, but this time, this will be the last time I will ever suppress them because the feelings that I suppressed are eating me away. I thought that it would be okay to just pretend that I don't love you, I don't miss you, I don't like you—everything about the pain of the breakup, the regret, everything. As in everything. It is eating me from the inside, and I was lost. But then I told myself, 'This is not right; I have to do something about this.' So I tried improving myself, deactivated my social accounts, faced the root of my problems, which is me, my burden of loving you, and the burden of being young and careless.

You may ask, 'Khristina, why am I doing this? Why did I try to contact you again?' I am sorry, Tina; I wanted to get everything out. I wanted to vent, to let go of the burden that I've been carrying all these years, to release all the emotions that I have kept. I have suppressed my feelings for all these years, and all I've ever told myself is that in years, none of that (our breakup) will matter anymore to me, but it mattered 90% of the time.

This isn't an attempt to rekindle what once was. Instead, it's a desperate need to let go and forgive myself. I want to give proper closure to myself, and hopefully from you.  I've always wanted one thing, Tina: the word 'closure,' but I don't have the courage to ask you for it these past few years. So that is why I am writing all of this because I finally had the courage to do so, to face my past, let go of everything, and forgive myself. I am sorry, Tina; I never wanted to disturb you again, I promise. But this will be the last and final time that you will ever see my chat head pop up on your messenger.

I started to try to think of a world where you never existed, where we never happened to meet, and everything. I tried going to beautiful places, and I've seen the most beautiful places here in Cebu. You once said something that stayed with me all these years, that you’d seen the most beautiful stars but nothing could ever replace me. That meant a lot to me then, and it means the world to me now.  Every place that I've been to was amazing and breathtaking—the city lights, the mountains, the seas, camping sites, the beautiful and mesmerizing fogs, and my most favorite: sea of clouds, and more and more of that. But on every ride home, on every throttle that I roll, especially in the temporary deafening of the ears because of the sudden change of air pressure when going down from a mountain, all the memories of our history comes back.

I tried hating you, but I hated myself. I just can't hate you; I couldn't remember a single bad thing you've done or a single flaw about you. Every piece of information about you in my brain says the opposite. I tried forgetting you, but you keep popping up in my mind every time I wake up. I tried moving on a thousand times. There was a time I thought I already moved on, but then I had a dream about you. I woke up smiling for the first 5 seconds, then misery for the rest of the day and back to square one.

I release this message not with an expectation of reciprocation but as my final act of closure. I forgive myself, and I hope, in time, you can find it in your heart to forgive me too. And for the last and final time, Imissyou, and Iloveyou. I hope you do well, Tina. Always. I wish you will become a successful pediatrician in the future if you ever still wanted to become one.  I wish you all the happiness in the world.

Thank you for everything, my FIRST LOVE Khristina Khrizzia Marie Paran Binoya.

Note: *This was written years ago.*
